There have multiple steps in Professional sectors and Learning sectors 


#Beginners > #Intermidiate > #Advance > #PRO > #ELite 


*Beginners 
			the person who has just started learning.

*Intermediate 
			Who have already learned something. And trying to improve their skills is called an intermediate user. 
*Advance 
		Who has strong basic, And can modify many terms and use advance types of stuffs.


* Pro 
	so the next step is Professional who is already working in this section and have some experience in this particular section. 

* Elite 
The last step is Elite who has years of experience and soled thousand of problems. Elite is the ultimate goal of someone. He can modify anything. and make the work easy for beginners. 


We are a little bit advanced users.. but also intermediate users. But not a professional because we are not in the working section now. 
Our learning path was different than you... we had spent lots of time in the beginner's section and still working on the intermediate section. 
so in simple words, we have put our foot on the same step to reach the next storey. But your path is simple than us. you are growing up gradually with a smooth roles. so it's easy to become a professional user for you in these sections.


so am I saying this now... I have some more words to share with you. You are not a beginner now. And not an intermediate also. But you are in a way to finish a very important step. So you are going to head in your section, not us. So it's your responsibility to research with the market and opponents. 
think as you are running in a race there have so many participate. Your goal is to become a champion. But your first step will pass your next opponent. But first, you have to research what is his speed and how much effort and techniques you need to beat him. If you were an employee its not necessary to do these things. But you will be the head of your section. so Its too important. 

So from today, you will research every single of your opponents. Who is running their business like you. what is their strategy? and what you have to do for passing them behind of you. you will start researching from today every day 1 hour. for the designer, you will find how they made design what is their quality. for digital marketing, you will find everything relates to your works.


And web designers your work is not ended up here you will research with international developers how they have made the design. What are their plans and patterns? Everything finds out beautiful websites and explore the code then try to modify it. 

Remember the word. In every intelligent step listening and information gathering is the fine art. The more you know about your opponent the more chances will become to make you win the game.
